ARE-8060: Event Response tool (#9)
analyzere/analyzere-python-examples: event_response_tool/README.md

To aid this type of analysis, the tool supports the following two functionalities:

**1. Creating and Updating specialized Event Response Analysis Profile**
**2. Transforming existing LayerViews and underlying ELTs**

#### Analysis Profile
The tool creates a specialized analysis profile that has the following components:

- **Event Catalog**: A dummy event catalog with one or more EventIDs starting from 1.

- **Simulation**: A simulation of size 'n' where n is the weighted sum of maximum trials per event.

- **Loss Filters**: A set of loss filters representing every individual event in the event catalog.

- **Exchange Rates Profile**: If the default FX profile UUID is not configured in the `config/event_response_config.ini` file,
the latest FX profile available on the server.

> The tool also supports updating the simulation component of an existing event response analysis profile when the RMS users receive updated event weights. The user has to be provide the UUID of the existing analysis profile to the tool in order to use this feature.

Reviewer: What is the benefit of this over creating a new one?

Author: TOA currently uses this feature more when compared to creating a new profile. So it is just like an add-on feature.

#### Transforming LayerViews and underlying ELTs

> When the user provide a CSV containing a list of LayerViews or a PortfolioView UUID with a set of LayerViews that are to be manipulated, the tool performs the following operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user provide a CSV containing a list of LayerViews or a PortfolioView UUID to be manipulated, the tool performs the following operations:
```
does that make sense?

- Iterate the LayerViews and retrieve the underlying ELTs.
- Filter the ELTs based on the EventIDs in the event weights CSV file.  
- Multiply the Mean, StdC, StdI and ExposureValue by the weight provided by RMS.

> - Change the EventID for each row to a single EventID in the event catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the EventID for each row to an EventID in the event catalog.
```
Is this 1-to-1? `single` here implies many-to-1 for me.

Author: So, the intention here is actually many-to-1. All the events are aggregated to a single event. More info on methodology can be found here [https://analyzere.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AR/pages/2927067137/Toa+Event+Response+Documents+and+Interpretation](https://analyzere.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AR/pages/2927067137/Toa+Event+Response+Documents+and+Interpretation)

#### Jupyter notebook interface
For using the notebook interface, the following command can be used to initialize the tool once the poetry setup is successful:
```shell
   $ poetry run jupyter notebook
```
Once the notebook server is launched, navigate to `Event Response Tool.ipynb` to launch the tool. 

#### Command-line interface
After setting up Poetry, the Event Response tool can be invoked from CLI by running the Python program `event_response.py`. For example,

```shell
   $ poetry run python event_response.py --event_weights_csv sample_data/test_event_weights.csv --portfolio_view_uuid 12345abcd-6789-abcd-efgh-ijklmnopqr
```
#### Input Arguments 
Depending on the type of operation to be performed, the tool may require different
arguments. The list of supported arguments are as follows:

- `analyzere_url`: Analyze Re URL
- `analyzere_username`: Analyze Re username
- `analyzere_password`: Analyze Re password
- `event_weights_csv`: The path of the CSV containing event weights **(required argument)**
- `layer_views_csv`: The path of the CSV containing list of layer_view UUIDs to be transformed

> - `portfolio_view_uuid`: The UUID of the portfolio_view that contains the list of layer_view UUIDs to be transformed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `portfolio_view_uuid`: The UUID of the portfolio_view to be transformed
```
?
